Week 1

Group formed. We created the trello & github repository for our group. This week, we encountered a minor problem where one of our group members switched into a different lab. After further deliberation we also decided to change our project to project 5. 


Week 2

We finally had a new group member, Slava, and begin discussing Epics for our project. We decided to use mainly Python & Flask for our backend, and React JS for our frontend. We planned to have standups every Monday, Wednesday and Saturday with Wednesday being our face-to-face meeting and Monday & Saturday being online meetings.

This week, I did more research on the various databases available for the stock market and the APIs we can use. I made a Yahoo Finance account and build a portfolio with it, to identify areas for improvement and things we can do differently for our project.

For the next week, our focus is finishing our proposal and building a basic MVP for week 4.


Week 3 - 4

I wrote python functions to interact with the postgresql database. The functions include user and their portfolio related functions, functions for company, portfolio and stock logs, creating and updating users' portfolios, news log related functions and functions for watchlist alerts.


Week 5

For this week I tried to use Flask Marshmallow to jsonify SQLAlchemy objects from the above functions. I encountered some problems doing this and trying to resolve it now.


Week 6

Created backend routes for adding, updating stocks in a portfolio and watchlist. Added delete functionalities for portfolio, portfolio logs and watchlist.


Week 7

Tested all the functions and fixed bugs, wrong SQLAlchemy queries. Finalised stock log and watchlist functionality to be used by the front-end developers.


Week 8

Added the top and bottom performing stocks based on Slava's stock prediction ranking. This week we updated the tables with more information about the stocks, so we updated our models and functions accordingly as well.


Week 9

Added graphing functionality for the various graphs. We encountered issues with the generated matplotlib PNG graph, so I used base64 encoding to render the graph.

Week 10

Fixed demo errors including adding the same stocks to the portfolio and wrote the final report. Cleaned up some of the code and removed empty files. 
